The first rousing policy against coverage the simple routing policy were a simple routing policy and
a record is associated with one or more IP addresses.
And then it uses round robin to just cycle through the addresses that it returns.
It doesn't support health checks so health checks are quite an important feature to determine whether
your services are actually alive and well.
So they're quite useful as a limitation of the simple routing policy that you can't do that.
You can have multiple values for a single record.
So here we have simple DCT labs dot com with a record and it has two possible values.
And then we have simpler DCT labs dot com which only has one and obviously time to live is quite standard
for all records.
So let's just go back to the console in fact first what we want to do is let's just take the IP address
of one of our instances.
I'm taking the one in Singapore but it doesn't really matter and let's go to hosted zones DCT labs dot
com and I'm gonna create a record set.
So in this case I'm just gonna call it simple and I'm gonna set a TTL 60 seconds and I put my IP address
in.
And here we see routing policy and it's just setting simple by default.
So I'll click on Create and now if I go back to a command prompt running on my computer I can do Digg
and put in simple DCT labs dot com and it's going to return that IP address.
So that's really it.
Very very simple record site.
Now if I were to go back and add an additional record let's just put in a made up record like 1 1 1
1 and I can then go back to my command prompt and run Digg again but it still shows me now remember
the time to live.
So you'll have seen before we had a time to live a sixty.
It's come down to 30 now so if we just wait a little bit longer we should then find that we get a new
record.
So let's just try once more now
and it seems to be counting down.
And so now we get a brand new TTL of 60 seconds and this time we get both records so that's it for simple
routing policy.
Just remember that it doesn't support health checks.
Is that something that could come up on the exam.